1) What is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a
keyboard?
The keyboard scans to see what keys are peressed down, and once a key is pressed it sends a scan code and then the computer interprets its codes.

2) How do computers use input and output to create experiences? 
An example of an input that a computer might use are keyboard clicks or mouse clicks. Once clicked the display on a screen would be an output or a result and an effect of that cause which is the input or clciks.

3) Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.”
Software is essentially infinitely reproducible nothings because of the amount of data that we create, the code is created to fix the problem and the computer turns it into the software.

4) Explain in your own words how code becomes software. 
Code becomes software when it does the task that we want it to, a solution mainly to the problem that we were trying to solve in the first place.

5) Explain “algorithms” in your own words.
Algorithms are a bunch of step-by-step instructions to solve the problem, basically steps to get to a solution.

6) Explain the DRY principle.
DRY stands for Don't Repeat Yourself, basically create things once and reuse it, don't keep redoing it again, for example making a function which ruduces redundance of a whole block of instructions.

7) In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? 
Object-Oriented Programming is basically a type of programming where you create things and those things can interact with one another and its classes and functions and other variables that a program might have.

8) In your own words explain data and how it relates to code.
Data is created every day, tons and tons of it. We store that data in servers or cloud and use that to create better software and give the world better options. It relates to code because without remembering the data, we won't know what to look out for, we use data as history because most of it is in the past and present and we use these types of data to pin point and create more options for the future.

9) What is a framework? 
A framework is like a template we can use instead of keeping to start from scratch we can start from somewhere with libraries and use open source to write code more efficiently and effectively.

10) What is debugging?
Debugging is when you theres a problem with the code or it is simply not giving you the result you were solving for, programmers then try to fix the problem and find the solution by solving these erroreneous lines of code.

11) Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to
code?
I want to learn to code because I want to build things for people and the world, and give people the solution they have been looking for way too long.